Optimize some of the instructions in the documentation (#1392)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: README.md

* Automatic implementation of static IP addresses and dynamic scalability of IP count

>     To realize static IP addresses, current open source projects hardcode IP addresses in the application's annotation, which leads too prone to operations accidents, manual operations of IP address conflicts as well as higher IP management costs caused by application scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To realize static IP addresses, current open source projects hardcode IP addresses in the application's annotation, which is prone to operations accidents, manual operations of IP address conflicts as well as higher IP management costs caused by application scalability.
```
